I offered a better way to express my gratitude
Hey
The afternoon banquet is about to begin
Have you figured out how to take down Mr. Lu?
Thank you Mr. Shi for your concern.
If I can't get the project
You will leave the company on your own.
What position are you forcing?
Who knows that road auto repair is a difficult task
And such a high-class banquet
Even if you want to spread your legs and still sleep
Maybe there's no chance
Mr. Shi, don't talk too hard
Who says I don't have a chance to get close to him?
Don't make everyone think so much
Or say
Mr. Shi usually relies on these skills to get Xiang Yu
So experience is moderate
Alienate this bitch
He must have asked Fu Siye to help get the invitation code
Hello
Why do you believe him so much?
The previous doctor
And now Lucifer
Like him for his own rights
A woman who can do anything with status and money
How can you guarantee that he will not betray you?